(Preceding snippet PR) Bare metal applications with microlib should not return from main() (#1321)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/bare_metal/c_small_libs.md

This links your application with `microlib` for the `ARM` toolchain and `newlib-nano` for the `GCC_ARM` toolchain.

> ### Non-returning main() required

Reviewer: First question - if this is only for Arm microlib, why is it not in that section?

Author: The section here (how to enable small c_lib) is more noticeable. I was afraid if this is added to the Arm microlib section below, app developers may not always notice it.

Maybe I can move it to the microlib section and add a note here to point the user to have a look.

> Exiting from `main()` is not supported by [Arm microlib](#arm-microlib) and causes a bare metal application to crash. Here we show two ways to prevent this.

Reviewer 2: I don't see why someone would want to return from main() in a microcontroller especially if the is no OS.

I think the reason we are not explaining the lack of argument passed to main() is also reason enough not mention returning from main().

Author: The only case I can think of is when an application does everything in interrupts instead of `main()`. @jenia81: Could you confirm this was your case?

Reviewer 3: It is useful to add this information which was raised as an issue.

> Exiting from `main()` is not supported by [Arm microlib](#arm-microlib) and causes a bare metal application to crash. Here we show two ways to prevent this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arm microlib doesn't support exiting from `main()`; attempting to exit from `main()` causes a bare metal application to crash. Here we show two ways to prevent this.
```

#### Sleep in a loop

> One recommended technique is sleep in a loop at the end of `main()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One recommended technique is to sleep in a loop at the end of `main()`:
```

```
while (true) {
    sleep();
}
```

> This is energy-efficient compared to an empty `while (true) {}` loop which keeps the processor running. A loop is still needed, because `sleep()` returns after the system is woken up by an interrupt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is energy-efficient compared to an empty `while (true) {}` loop, which keeps the processor running. A loop is still needed, because `sleep()` returns after the system is woken up by an interrupt.
```

#### Dispatching an EventQueue

If your application is based on an `EventQueue`, dispatching it at the end of `main()` works as well:

[![View code](https://www.mbed.com/embed/?url=https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-examples-docs_only/blob/master/APIs_RTOS/EventQueue_ex_2/)](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-examples-docs_only/blob/master/APIs_RTOS/EventQueue_ex_2/main.cpp)

> The call to `queue.dispatch()` never returns, as long as we don't break the dispatch anywhere. The `EventQueue` class puts the system to sleep to save energy between events.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention dispach_forever() instead?

Author: `dispatch_forever()` is better, just the code snippet (in a separate repo) has `dispatch()`. Probably I should make a PR to update the snippet.

Author: Done

This links your application with `microlib` for the `ARM` toolchain and `newlib-nano` for the `GCC_ARM` toolchain.

> <span class="notes">**Note:** You bare-metal application should _not_ return from `main()` if it uses Arm `microlib`. Please see [Non-returning main()](#non-returning-main) for advice.</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="notes">**Note:** If your application uses the Arm microlib, it should not return from `main()`. Please see [non-returning main() below](#non-returning-main) for advice.</span>
```

}
```

### Non-returning main()

> Arm microlib doesn't support exiting from `main()`; attempting to exit from `main()` causes a bare metal application to crash. Here we show two ways to prevent this.

Reviewer: So we say both "exit" and "return" on this page. We should stick to one.

Author: I will use "return"

#### Sleeping in a loop

One recommended technique is to sleep in a loop at the end of `main()`:
```
while (true) {
    sleep();
}
```

> This is energy-efficient compared to an empty `while (true) {}` loop, which keeps the processor running. A loop is still needed, because `sleep()` returns after the system is woken up by an interrupt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is energy efficient compared to an empty `while (true) {}` loop, which keeps the processor running. A loop is still needed, because `sleep()` returns after the system is woken up by an interrupt.
```

#### Dispatching an EventQueue

If your application is based on an `EventQueue`, dispatching it at the end of `main()` works as well:

[![View code](https://www.mbed.com/embed/?url=https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-examples-docs_only/blob/master/APIs_RTOS/EventQueue_ex_2/)](https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-examples-docs_only/blob/master/APIs_RTOS/EventQueue_ex_2/main.cpp)

> The call to `queue.dispatch_forever()` never returns, as long as we don't break the dispatch anywhere. The `EventQueue` class puts the system to sleep to save energy between events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The call to `queue.dispatch_forever()` never returns, as long as you don't break the dispatch anywhere. The `EventQueue` class puts the system to sleep to save energy between events.
```

### Note on uARM toolchain

> The uARM toolchain is the ARMC5 toolchain with the Arm microlib, the C micro-library. This toolchain will be deprecated after 5.15.

Author: Fixing a pretty major typo...

Reviewer 3: This was correct. Originally uARM toolchain was using ARMC5 but since ARMC5 was deprecated it was using ARMC6 https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/tools/build_api.py/#L199

Author: Ah didn't know there was a quirk to point uARM to ARMC6. I'll change this sentence back.
